react-docgen@5.0.0 upgrade which adds typescript support out of box (#1500)
styleguidist/react-styleguidist: docs/Thirdparties.md

React-docgen reads your components as static text files and looks for patterns like class or function declarations that look like React components. It does not run any JavaScript code, so, if your component is dynamically generated, is wrapped in a higher-order component, or is split into several files, then react-docgen may not understand it.

> It supports components defined via `React.createClass`, ES6 classes and stateless functional components, with optional Flow and TypeScript type annotations.

Reviewer: Let's use the official name while we're here:

```suggestion
It supports components defined via `React.createClass`, ES6 classes and function components, with optional Flow and TypeScript type annotations.
```

Author: done
